start: docs for "head & metadata" and other improvements (#118)
solidjs/solid-docs-next: content/start/core-concepts/head-and-metadata.mdx

import { Aside } from "~/components/FrameworkAside";

# Head and metadata

> Normally when we are building UIs for our apps, we are dealing with DOM elements that are going to be rendered in the `body` of the `document`. But there are cases where we want to customize what's going to be rendered in the `head` of the `document`. The common elements used in the `head` are:

Reviewer: I think this is cleaner?
```suggestion
When we are building UIs for our apps, we are normally dealing with DOM elements that are going to be rendered in the `body` of the `document`. But there are cases where we want to customize what's going to be rendered in the `head` of the `document`. The common elements used in the `head` are:
```

### Add tags in `root.tsx`
Normally when we are building UIs for our apps, we are dealing with DOM elements that are going to be rendered in the `body` of the `document`. But there are cases where we want to customize what's going to be rendered in the `head` of the `document`. The common elements used in the `head` are:

> ### Use `solid-meta` inside component tree

Reviewer: Is it correct to say `solid-meta` when we are really importing from `solid-start`?

> - `link`: Adds assets like stylesheets or scripts for the browser to load for the page

Reviewer: We don't add scripts via links

```suggestion
- `link`: Adds assets like stylesheets for the browser to load for the page
```

### Adding `head` tags

> In SolidStart, we ship with actual components representing these tags. So: `title` -> `Title`, `meta` -> `Meta`, etc. They can be used, not only as children of `Head` in `root.tsx`, but anywhere in your app, even deep in your component tree. Powered by `@solidjs/meta`, we can interpret these tags and update the `document.head` appropriately.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SolidStart, has actual components that represent these tags. So: `title` -> `Title`, `meta` -> `Meta`, etc. They can be used, not only as children of `Head` in `root.tsx`, but anywhere in your app, even deep in your component tree. Powered by `@solidjs/meta`, we can interpret these tags and update the `document.head` appropriately.
```

There are two main places we recommend adding these tags to your page.

1. **`root.tsx`**: As part of the `Head` component there, you can pass in the `Title`, `Meta` and `Link` tags that you want to be used for all of your routes. This is useful for:

- Adding a default fallback `title` to be used by all pages (if they don't specify their own),
- Adding common `meta` tags like `charset` and `viewport` for consistent behavior across the app
- Adding links to external stylesheets, fonts, manifests, favicon

See an example below:

```tsx {9-13}
import { Suspense } from "solid-js";
import {

>   ...

Reviewer: This isn't a good idea, at least show the head related imports

      <Body>
        <ErrorBoundary>
          <Suspense>
            <Routes>
              <FileRoutes />
            </Routes>
          </Suspense>
        </ErrorBoundary>
        <Scripts />
      </Body>
    </Html>
  );
}
```

2. **Inside a Route component**: These tags will be applied for that specific route only and are removed from `document.head` once a user navigates away from the page. You can use `routeData` here to create titles and SEO metadata that is specific to the dynamic parts of the route.

```tsx {0,5}
import { Title } from "solid-start";

export default function About() {
  return (
    <>
      <Title>About</Title>
      <h1>About</h1>
    </>
  );
}
```

<Aside title="Order of precedence of head tags" type="advanced">
  For `Title` and `Meta` tags with the same name as one mounted higher up in the
  tree, the instance that is lower in the tree takes precedence. This means that
  the `Title` component used inside a Route component will override the `Title`
  component used in the `Head` component. If you go to a route without a `Title`
  component, the `Head` component's `Title` component will be used.
</Aside>

### Adding a site-suffix in Title

> You can create custom components that wrap `Title` to add a site-specific prefix to all the titles, eg.

Reviewer: Awesome!

```tsx
export default function MySiteTitle() {
  return <Title>{props.children} | My Site</Title>;
}
```

```tsx {0,5}
import MySiteTitle from "~/components/MySiteTitle";

export default function About() {
  return (
    <>
      <MySiteTitle>About</MySiteTitle>
      <h1>About</h1>
    </>
  );
}
```

### Adding SEO tags

You can add SEO related `Meta` tags either in `root.tsx` or inside your routes. Just like with the `Title`, `Meta` tags used inside a Route component will override the `Meta` tags used in the `Head` component.

```tsx {9-33}
import { Suspense } from "solid-js";
import {

>   ...

Reviewer: Again, show the meta related imports
